---
title:  "Capstone Report: Investigation of Median Age and COVID-19 Percent Mortality in Florida Counties"

date:   2021-05-06
---

Introduction
============

In December 2019, a contagious disease known as Coronavirus disease 2019
(COVID-19) was first identified in Wuhan, China. The virus spread and by
March 11, 2020, the World Health Organization declared COVID-19 a
worldwide pandemic.

At the beginning of the pandemic, it was consistently noticed there was
an age-based pattern in fatality. In South Korea, the average fatality
rate was 2.37%, but among those 70-79 and 80+ years old, the mortality
rate was 10.9% and 26.6%, respectively. This almost exponential increase
was also noticed in different parts of the world such as China, Italy,
and the United Kingdom [1]. Within the United States, more than 80% of
COVID-19 mortality comes from those 65 years and older [4]. This
suggests that age may be an important factor in COVID-19 mortality.

In the United States, Florida ranks third in cases and fourth in deaths.
Across its 67 counties and at the time of this report, it has nearly 1.9
million cases as well as over 30,000 deaths.

The motivation for this report comes from the percent mortality in these
Florida counties. This mortality varies greatly, ranging from 0.4% to
4.2%. We assume that the underlying reason behind this is age.

In this investigation, we will look at age and mortality characteristics
of reported Florida COVID-19 cases. We will also apply statistical
methods to analyze the relationship between age and percent mortality.

The objective of this study is to explore the relationship between
Median Age and COVID 19 Percent Mortality in Florida counties. The study
will also determine the significance of the relationship between the
two.

Methods
=======

Data Source
-----------

The data came from the Florida Department of Health Open Data [2]. The
data contained all reported individual level COVID-19 cases in Florida.
It includes aspects such as which county the case was found, the age and
gender of the case, whether or not the case has died, and when they were
confirmed a case.

At the time of this report, the data contained all Florida COVID-19
cases up to January 13th.

Data Characteristics
--------------------

Several manipulations of the data were used to calculate median age and
percent mortality with in the data set. To calculate the median age, the
data was aggregated by county and then median age was calculated. As for
percent mortality, data was filtered to only contain cases that were
reported to have died. Then the summation of these deaths were grouped
by county. This was compared to the total amount of cases in each
county, and percent mortality could be calculated.

Two aspects of the data were categorized: age group and mortality group.
Age group was defined as as “younger” or “older”. Counties in the
“younger” age group were those that have a median age of less than or
equal to 43, and “older” were otherwise. Mortality group was defined as
“lower” or “higher”. Counties in the “lower” mortality group were those
that have a percent mortality of less than or equal to 1.6%, and
“higher” were otherwise. 43 years old and 1.6% mortality were both
considered cutoffs since they are the medians in their respective
groups.

Another perspective related to mortality is infection fatality ratio
(IFR), which is defined as the proportion of people infected with the
virus, including those who did not get tested or show symptoms, who will
die as a result [3]. The IFR was calculated within age groups provided
by the data set.

Graphical Analysis
------------------

Different aspects of the data were investigated: 1) a spaghetti plot of
weekly median age of COVID-19 cases in Florida Counties, 2) overall
trend of median age and percent mortality, 3) a boxplot of percent
mortality by age group, and 4) a boxplot of median age by mortality
group.

Linear Regression
-----------------

Two linear regressions were first used to see the relationship between
percent mortality and median age. One model used age was a continuous
variable and the other as a categorical variable. Doing a Shapiro-Wilks
test and looking at the histogram showed that the distribution of the
percent mortality is not normal (Figure 1). Thus, a log transformation
was used to normalize the distribution of percent mortality.

Logistic Regression
-------------------

Two logistic regressions were performed using newly created binary
outcome “mortality group” (low vs high), median age as a continuous
variable, and median age in terms of age group (young vs old).

Results
=======

Data Characteristics
--------------------

Data characteristics involved observing median age, number of cases,
number of deaths, and the percent mortality in Florida counties. Among
median age of COVID-19 cases, the mean and median are almost the same
value 43 years old. The cases vary widely. The average amount of cases
in a Florida county is 23374, but a median of 6619. This suggests that
the mean is being pulled towards the right, since the largest number of
cases is 331312 cases in Dade County, compared to the smallest, which is
818 cases in Glades. Deaths follow the same pattern: the mean is 349
versus the median of 129 deaths. The least number of deaths was in
Franklin County, while most came from Dade County. Percent mortality has
a mean and median of 1.7% and 1.6%, respectively (Table 1).
Interestingly, while Dade County has the greatest number of deaths,
Union County has the highest percent mortality of 4.2%.

When categorizing mortality and age into groups (Table 2), there are 32
counties that have higher mortality and 31 counties with higher median
age, whereas there are 36 counties with lower mortality and 35 with
lower median age. When stratifying the data by these groups, we see
using the Wilcoxon Rank Sum test produces a significant p-values when
comparing median age in mortality group and percent mortality in age
group.

![](/blog/assets/images/cap1.png)

![](/blog/assets/images/cap2.png)

![Histogram of Percent Mortality and
Age](data:image/png;base64,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)

Histogram of Percent Mortality and Age

Graphical Analysis
------------------

As shown in Figure 2, there is a temporal trend of median age of
COVID-19 cases across all Florida counties. From spring to summer, the
median age slowly decreased over time. However, in the fall and winter,
the median age began to rise again. There seems to be a positive trend
in percent mortality by median age (Figure 3). This suggests that median
age has a positive association with percent mortality.

We have similar findings in both boxplots as well. The “older” age group
contains more counties with higher percent mortality, the opposite is
true for the “younger” age group (Figure 4). Similarly, the “higher”
mortality group contains counties with a higher median age, as the
“lower” mortality group contains those with lower median age (Figure 4).

The IFR rate (Figure 5) grows exponentially as the age group increases.
For those in ages between 0 and 44, the fatality ratio is less than 2
deaths per 1,000 cases. However, after that the fatality ratio starts to
move swiftly. This is true with the final two age groups 65-74 and
75-84. Those in the former group have a IFR of 39.7 deaths per 1,000
cases, and it jumps to 100.2 deaths per 1,000 cases in the latter age
group.

Thus, the graphical analysis shows evidence of age groups being
positively associated with higher fatality ratios.

![Spaghetti Plot of Weekly Median Age of COVID-19 Cases in FL
Counties](data:image/png;base64,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)

Spaghetti Plot of Weekly Median Age of COVID-19 Cases in FL Counties

![Plot of Percent Mortality by Median
Age](data:image/png;base64,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)

Plot of Percent Mortality by Median Age

![Boxplots](data:image/png;base64,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)

Boxplots

![Infection Fatality Ratio Among Age
Groups](data:image/png;base64,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)

Infection Fatality Ratio Among Age Groups

Linear Regression
-----------------

In the linear regression (Table 5) with percent mortality as the
response and median age as the predictor, the coefficient of median age
is 0.04. Since the response is log-transformed, the coefficient is
exponentiated to give a value of 1.04, with a 95% CI (1.03, 1.06). This
means that for every increase in median age, the percent mortality
increases by 4%.

Now using age as a categorical variable (Table 6), exponentiated
coefficeint for younger age group is 0.68, with a 95% CI (0.56, 0.81)
This is interpreted as those in the younger age group will have a 32%
lower mean percent mortality than the older age group.

![](/blog/assets/images/cap3.png)

Logistic Regression
-------------------

In the logistic regression with mortality group as the response and age
as the predictor (Table 7), the coefficient for median age is 0.35.
Similar to our linear regression, we have to exponentiate the
coefficient for a better interpretation of the model. The exponential of
the median age coefficient is 1.41, with a 95% CI (1.18, 1.80). This can
be interpreted as for every increase in median age, the odds of being in
the higher mortality group increases by 40%.

With age as categorical variable (Table 8), the coefficient is -1.85,
which the exponential of our median age coefficient gives us 0.16, with
a 95% CI (0.05, 0.44). We can interpret this as being in the younger age
group makes odds of being in the higher mortality group 84% less likely.

It can be noted that since the 95% CI in both logistic regression do not
contain 1 in their intervals, the coefficient of median age and age
group is significant.

![](/blog/assets/images/cap4.png)

Discussion
==========

Through the summary statistics, graphical analysis, linear regressions,
and logistic regressions, COVID-19 percent mortality is associated with
median age. Using a Wilcoxon rank sum test demonstrated a significant
*p*-value. While we do not suggest using a *p*-value has proof that
there is a significant association, we do believe that this gives us
evidence of an association.

In the graphical analysis, there were four main findings. The
scatterplot displayed a positive association with age and mortality. The
boxplots showed that the higher mortality group has higher median ages,
while the older group has higher percent mortalities. Looking at the IFR
of different age groups, the IFR increases dramatically in older age
groups.

With a linear regression of the log-transformed percent mortality, age
as a continuous and categorical variable is significant. In both cases,
age does not contain 1 in its confidence interval, meaning there is a
significant difference when testing at an alpha level of 0.05.

Similarly, the logistic regression with mortality as a categorical
variable shows age is significant as both a continuous and categorical
variable. With 1 not contained in the confidence intervals, the results
are significant.

In our investigation of COVID-19 percent mortality across all Florida
counties, we have evidence that the mortality is associated with median
age.

Acknowledgements
================

I would like to thank Dr. Ji-Hyun Lee for her guidance. The origin of
this investigation came from working with her in the Division of
Quantitative Sciences.

I would also like to thank Dr. Jing Zhao for her feedback and
supervision. Her help gave me more insight on the report, as well as
understanding of the R software and COVID-19 data.

Data analysis was performed using `R` software, along with the `R`
packages: `tidyverse`, `lubridate`, `knitr`, `ggpubr`, `hablar`,
`kableExtra`, and `gridExtra`.

References
==========

[1] Kang, Seung Ji, and Sook In Jung. “Age-Related Morbidity and
Mortality among Patients with COVID-19.” *Infection & chemotherapy*
vol. 52,2 (2020): 154-164.
[doi:10.3947/ic.2020.52.2.154](doi:10.3947/ic.2020.52.2.154)

[2] *Florida COVID19 Case Line Data*. Florida Department of Health Open
Data Content. Web. 2021 Jan. 13.

[3] Mallapaty, Smriti. “The Coronavirus Is Most Deadly If You Are Older
and Male - New Data Reveal the Risks.” *Nature News*. Nature Publishing
Group, 28 Aug. 2020. Web. 01 Mar. 2021.

[4] “COVID-19 Provisional Counts - Weekly Updates by Select Demographic
and Geographic Characteristics.” *Centers for Disease Control and
Prevention*. Web. 01 Mar. 2021.
