---
title:  "Q & A - 1/21 Edition"
date:   2021-01-07 22:44:24 -0500
categories: jekyll update
---

I figured I'd do a quick Q and A about myself. I will pick 10 questions from a [thread](https://www.reddit.com/r/CasualConversation/comments/9lgx26/ive_created_a_list_of_more_than_200_interesting/) on /r/Causal Conversation

**What has been the biggest change of heart you've had? Have you ever started off on one side of an issue and wound up on the other? What influenced that change?**

- My opinion on Kanye West. My initial impression of him was from his incidence with Taylor Swift in 2009, and I didn't think much of him until 2014 when a friend highly recommended his music. Now he's pretty much my top 5 of most listened to artists. Don't get me wrong, in regards to the recent events, I think he should find a professional and discuss his mental illness, but I will stand by that he is a very talented artist.

**What is the most trivial thing about which you have a strong opinion?**

*Infernal Affairs* is the better film over *The Departed* and it's not even close

**What is your favourite word and why?**

- The f-word, it can express many emotions depending on the context.

**What is the best advice you've ever received?**

- Not sure, it would probably be from Dave Chappelle's special about how we need to see the whole elephant, rather than parts of it. We should take a step back and then finally form our own opinion on the matter.

**What are the books/movies/games that never get old and always make you feel better when you get down?**

- Books: *Harry Potter*

- Movies: *Back to the Future* or any Hayao Miyazaki movie

- Games: any RPGs, *Persona 5* comes to mind

**What do you know isn't real, but want badly for it to exist?**

- Time travel or space travel

**Have you ever challenged or questioned a belief you held for a long time? What prompted it and what was the result?**

- My religious point of view, I just started having questions about it and I eventually had moved away from it. I'm somwhere in the middle now. Not exactly atheist, but also not exactly a specific religion.

**What character archetype is closest to your personality?**

- I would like to be the main character in your typical show, but I'm probably the comic relief guy who's got some baggage.

**What was the best year of your life? The worst? **

- Still waiting for the best year. Worst year probably was 2018.

**Who has had the most positive impact on your life?**

- 杨宏琴