---
title:  "May Update"
date:   2022-05-09 11:20:00 -0500
categories: jekyll update
---

The second semester and my first year as a PhD student is over. I thought last semester was pretty tough, but this was worst. Large sample theory was absolutely difficult. Ironically, that's probably the class that I learned/remember the most. I have always hated theory, but it was actually somewhat useful to learn and retain.

Because all our classes were in-person, I actually got to meet my classmates. I only met them once in October for a dinner. There's seven of us, but one of us always leaves the classroom immediately once it ends. So really I know six of them. They're all pretty cool. It's good that we're becoming closer since we will be around each other for at least another two years.

I also participated in a basketball tournament. My team won, but I got carried. To be honest, it's kind of frustrating that I am a liability on the team. I just need to practice, practice, and practice. Other than that, I have become more accepted into the basketball group, despite being an Asian-American. So I am glad I have a group of people to spend some time with. Hopefully I can be more useful in the next tournament.

My summer should be relatively busy. The department asked me to teach a course in the fall, so they want me to prepare to learn the course this summer. It's for the MPH students in our department who want to learn more R and SAS. I took a look at the syllabus, and there's two things I am not familiar with: Shiny and PROC SQL. So I will learn those before the fall begins.

I also have some research projects I am doing with my current advisor. The main one involves looking at AI based treatment, and the other will be survival analysis with ICU patients (supposedly).

I also have to study for the qualifying exam, which will take place in August. I will slowly increase the studying time over the summer. Hopefully, I pass. My PhD life pretty goes on autopilot if I pass that.